It's no secret that some of the resolutions that many of us vowed to pursue in the new year-eat healthy, lose weight, quit smoking, save more money一have already fallen by the wayside.

Many of them are likely the same resolutions that we abandoned last January. And it's a good thing for those who sell health club memberships, quit-smoking programs and other products that help us think we can improve our lives.

Many gyms see new memberships double in January, making up for the third of their members who do not renew each year.

And many who sign up in January will be no-shows by February.

"If I try one quick fix and it doesn't work, I may be more likely to try the next quick fix," Lisa Lahey, who coaches executives how to sustain behavior change, told The Times.

The Biggest Loser Resort at Fitness Ridge doesn't offer any quick fixes, just a 12-hour schedule full of exercise, a 1 200-calories-a-day diet and a fee of $2000 a week. The resort teaches its clients that "weight management" is a combination of fitness, diet and emotional health.

"Given my recent weight gain, and the fact that I was turning 50," Jennifer Conlin wrote in The Times,'' I wanted to start a program that would make 2012 the year I finally got in shape."

"For years, the advice to the overweight people has been that we simply need to eat less and exercise more," Tara Parker-Pope wrote. "White there is truth to this guidance, it fails to take into account that the human body continues to fight against weight loss long after dieting has stopped. This translates into a sobering（令人清醒的）reality: once we become fat, most of us, despite our best efforts, will probably stay fat."

Of course this revelation（揭示）, it proven true by further study, is not good news for the weight-loss industry. But chances are it won't have much impact on the human tendency to resolve to get to the gym more and avoid chocolate cake when the clock strikes midnight on December 31.

When University of California-Berkeley released a study this month showing alarmingly high teacher turnover (人员流动) rates at Los Angeles charter schools, I wasn't surprised.

That's not a slam at local charter schools. It's just that the study echoed something I'd observed many times, starting with my niece.

Bright and cheerful, my niece longed to teach high-needs children. She started out in the San Francisco public schools, where she was assigned to the district's toughest elementary school. Fifth-graders threw chairs across the room-and at her. Parents refused to show up for conferences.

She wasn't willing to deal with this level of indifference and teacher abuse, so she switched to a highly regarded charter elementary school in the Bay Area where she poured her energy into her job and it showed. Her students' test scores were as high as those in a nearby wealthy school district, despite the obstacles these children faced.

Yet by her fourth year, my niece was worn out, depleted (耗尽) of the energy it took to work with a classroom of sweet but deeply needy children who pleaded to stay in her classroom when it was time to leave. The principal's offer of a $10000 raise couldn't stop her from giving notice. She went to work at that wealthy school district next door- for less money.

Over the years, I've met many impassioned (充满激情的) teachers at charter schools, only to call them the next year and find they've left. The authors of the Berkeley study theorize that the teachers leave because of the extraordinary demands; long hours, intense involvement in students' complicated lives, continual searches for new ways to raise scores. Even the strongest supporters of the reform movement concede that the task of raising achievement among disadvantaged students is hard work.

It's unlikely that we can build large-scale school reform on a platform of continual new demands on teachers-more time, more energy, more devotion, more responsibility-even if schools find ways to pay them better. This is the bigger challenge facing schools. We need a more useful answer to the Berkeley study than "Yeah, it's really hard work."

I've worked in the factories surrounding my hometown every summer since I graduated from high school. but making the transition（转变）between school and full-time blue-collar work during the break never gets any easier. For a student like me who considers any class before noon to be uncivilized, getting to a factory by 6 o'clock each morning is torture. My friends never seem to understand why I'm so relieved to be back at school or that my summer vacation has been anything but a vacation.

There're few people as self-confident as a college student who has never been out in the real world. People my age always seem to overestimate the value of their time and knowledge. In fact, all the classes did not prepare me for my battles with the machine 1 ran in the plant, which would jam whenever I absent-mindedly put in a part backward cet4v.com.

The most stressful thing about blue-collar life is knowing your job could disappear overnight. Issues like downsizing（裁员）and overseas relocation had always seemed distant to me until my co-workers told me that the unit I was working in would shut down within six months and move to Mexico, where people would work for 60 cents an hour.

After working 12-hour shifts in a factory, the other options have become only too clear. When I'm back at the university, skipping classes and turning in lazy re-writes seems too irresponsible after seeing what I would be doing without school. All the advice and public-service announcements about the value of an education that used to sound stale now ring true.

These lessons I'm learning, however valuable, are always tinged（带有）with a sense of guilt. Many people pass their lives in the places I briefly work, spending 30 years where I spend only two months at a time. "This job pays well, but it's hell on the body," said one co-worker. "Study hard and keep reading," she added.

My experiences in the factories have inspired me to make the most of my college years before I enter the real world for good.

Are people suffering from gadget（小器具）overload? Are they exhausted by the consumer equivalent of the brain fatigue-information overload that is caused by constant updates of devices and online media?

Underwriters Laboratories issued a report last week that found 48% of consumers "feel high-tech manufacturers bring new products to market faster than people need them."

There are two possible explanations. The first, obvious one is that the pace of innovation（创新）is too fast for consumers. The second less obvious one is that, in fact, innovation is too slow. That is, the new offerings companies are pushing out the door every six months or so are me-too products or ones with just a couple of new features. Marketing schedules, not product innovation, are driving the corporate（公司的）train. Manufacturers in America valued "speed to market" more than in other countries, the report found.

Sara Greenstein, Underwriters Laboratories' chief strategy officer, offered her interpretation of the survey results. "Innovation is too fast only if corners are cut."

For the high-tech sector, there are a few other interesting findings. Consumers are less concerned about safety in high-tech products than categories like fresh and processed food. But their top safety concerns are emissions and wireless radio waves. Many people, it seems, are uneasy living in a thickening cloud of radio waves from mobile phone towers and the gadgets they communicate with.

A finding that was a hit surprising is that to consumers, the inner parts of high-tech devices do apparently matter. Some 55% of consumers, according to the report, said they are "more concerned about where high-tech components come from than where the product was assembled."

The report doesn't really say how that information would affect consumer buying decisions. It could be complicated. Manufacturing companies on average rely on more than 35 contract suppliers around the world to create a single product. That number would be higher for a smartphone laptop.

As you are probably aware, the latest job markets news isn't good: Unemployment is still more than 9 percent, and new job growth has fallen close to zero. That's bad for the economy, of course. And it may be especially discouraging if you happen to be looking for a job or hoping to change careers right now. But it actually shouldn't matter to you nearly as much as you think.

That's because job growth numbers don't matter to job hunters as much as job turnover (人员更替) data. After all, existing jobs open up every day due to promotions, resignations, terminations(解雇), and retirements. (Yes, people are retiring even in this economy.) In both good times and bad, turnover creates more openings than economic growth does. Even in June of 2007, when the economy was still moving ahead, job growth was only 132,000, while turnover was 4.7 million!

And as it turns out, even today - with job growth near zero - over 4 million job hunters are being hired every month.

I don't mean to imply that overall job growth doesn't have an impact on one's ability to land a job. It's true that if total employment were higher, it would mean more jobs for all of us to choose from (and compete for). And it's true that there are currently more people applying for each available job opening, regardless of whether it's a new one or not.

But what often distinguishes those who land jobs from those who don't is their ability to stay motivated. They're willing to do the hard work of identifying their valuable skills; be creative about where and how to look; learn how to present themselves to potential employers; and keep going, even after repeated rejections. The Bureau of Labor Statistics data shows that 2.7 million people who wanted and were available for work hadn't looked within the last four weeks and were no longer even classified as unemployed.

So don't let the headlines fool you into giving up. Four million people get hired every month in the U.S. You can be one of them.

Our risk of cancer rises dramatically as we age. So it makes sense that the elderly should be routinely screened for new tumors - or doesn't it?

While such vigilant(警觉的)tracking of cancer is a good thing in general, researchers are increasingly questioning whether all of this testing is necessary for the elderly. With the percentage of people over age 65 expected to nearly double by 2050, it's important to weigh the health benefits of screening against the risks and costs of routine testing.

In many cases, screening can lead to surgeries to remove cancer, while the cancers themselves may be slow-growing and may not pose serious health problems in patients' remaining years. But the message that everyone must screen for cancer has become so deep-rooted that when health care experts recommended that women under 50 and over 74 stop screening for breast cancer, it caused a riotous reaction among doctors, patients and advocacy groups.

It's hard to uproot deeply held beliefs about cancer screening with scientific data. Certainly, there are people over age 75 who have had cancers detected by routine screening, and gained several extra years of life because of treatment. And clearly, people over age 75 who have other risk factors for cancer, such as a family history or prior personal experience with the disease, should continue to get screened regularly. But for the remainder, the risk of cancer, while increased at the end of life, must be balanced with other factors like remaining life expectancy(预期寿命).

A recent study suggests that doctors start to make more objective decisions about who will truly benefit from screening- especially considering the explosion of the elderly that will soon swell our population.

It's not an easy calculation to make, but one that makes sense for all patients. Dr. Otis Brawley said, "Many doctors are ordering screening tests purely to cover themselves. We need to think about the rational use of health care."

That means making some difficult decisions with elderly patients, and going against the misguided belief that when it comes to health care, more is always better.

