Junk food is everywhere. We're eating way too much of it. Most of us know what we're doing and yet we do it anyway.
So here's a suggestion offered by two researchers at the Rand Corporation: Why not take a lesson from alcohol control policies and apply them to where food is sold and how it's displayed?
"Many policy measures to control obesity (肥胖症) assume that people consciously and rationally choose what and how much they eat and therefore focus on providing information and more access to healthier foods," note the two researchers.
"In contrast," the researchers continue, "many regulations that don't assume people make rational choices have been successfully applied to control alcohol, a substance - like food - of which immoderate consumption leads to serious health problems."
The research references studies of people's behavior with food and alcohol and results of alcohol restrictions, and then lists five regulations that the researchers think might be promising if applied to junk foods. Among them:
Density restrictions: licenses to sell alcohol aren't handed out unplanned to all comers but are allotted (分配) based on the number of places in an area that already sell alcohol. These make alcohol less easy to get and reduce the number of psychological cues to drink.
Similarly, the researchers say, being presented with junk food stimulates our desire to eat it. So why not limit the density of food outlets, particularly ones that sell food rich in empty calories? And why not limit sale of food in places that aren't primarily food stores?
Display and sales restrictions: California has a rule prohibiting alcohol displays near the cash registers in gas stations, and in most places you can't buy alcohol at drive-through facilities. At supermarkets, food companies pay to have their wares in places where they're easily seen. One could remove junk food to the back of the store and ban them from the shelves at checkout lines. The other measures include restricting portion sizes, taxing and prohibiting special price deals for junk foods, and placing warning labels on the products.

Kodak's decision to file for bankruptcy (破产) protection is a sad, though not unexpected, turning point for a leading American corporation that pioneered consumer photography and dominated the film market for decades, but ultimately failed to adapt to the digital revolution.
Although many attribute Kodak's downfall to "complacency (自满) , " that explanation doesn't acknowledge the lengths to which the company went to reinvent itself. Decades ago, Kodak anticipated that digital photography would overtake film - and in fact, Kodak invented the first digital camera in 1975 - but in a fateful decision, the company chose to shelf its new discovery to focus on its traditional film business.
It wasn't that Kodak was blind to the future, said Rebecca Henderson, a professor at Harvard Business School, but rather that it failed to execute on a strategy to confront it. By the time the company realized its mistake, it was too late.
Kodak is an example of a firm that was very much aware that they had to adapt, and spent a lot of money trying to do so, but ultimately failed. Large companies have a difficult time switching to new markets because there is a temptation to put existing assets into the new businesses.
Although Kodak anticipated the inevitable rise of digital photography, its corporate culture was too rooted in the successes of the past for it to make the clean break necessary to fully embrace the future. They were a company stuck in time. Their history was so important to them. Now their history has become a liability.
Kodak's downfall over the last several decades was dramatic. In 1976, the company commanded 90% of the market for photographic film and 85% of the market for cameras. But the 1980s brought new competition from Japanese film company Fuji Photo, which undermined Kodak by offering lower prices for film and photo supplies. Kodak's decision not to pursue the role of official film for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics was a major miscalculation. The bid went instead to Fuji, which exploited its sponsorship to win a permanent foothold in the marketplace.

Libraries are my world. I've been a patron (老主顾) all my life, and for the past nine years I've worked at multiple libraries and archives in and around Detroit. The library as an institution has many roles, but as our country struggles through an economic crisis, I have watched the library where I work evolve into a career and business center, a community gathering place and a bastion (堡垒) of hope.
In the spring of 2007 1 got a library internship (实习生的位置) at the Southfield Public Library (SPL), just north of Detroit. Summers at SPL were usually slow, but that year, we experienced a library that was as busy as science-fair project week, midterms or tax season. Yet patrons weren't looking for Mosby's Nursing Drug Reference or tax return forms. They were coming for information on growing their small business.
I interpreted people's interest in our business collection as the first step to pursuing their dreams, but these patrons were not motivated by dreams. They were responding to reality, and they were looking for Plan B.
Things worsened in 2008, and in 2009 the economic crisis continues to plague Michigan. Last year, we put up a display with a variety of job resources that we restocked every hour. Each night the library closed, the display was bare. While we normally keep displays up for a week, we kept the job resources display up for months.
Then there's the tightening credit market. People see the writing on the wall and they want to get educated. They can't afford a financial adviser, but checking books out is free. Some of the most popular titles now are Rich Dad, Poor Dad. Think and Grow Rich, and Suze Orman's 2009 Action Plan.
The economic downturn affects us all. I have had to work long hours and don't get to see much of my boyfriend or experience any kind of social life lately, but I am thankful to be in a position where I can help people overcome this struggle. In Michigan, we haven't lost hope. As long as there are libraries here, there will always be hope.

More than three dozen billionaires, including well-known philanthropist (慈善家) David Rockefeller, have promised at least half of their fortunes to charity, joining a programme that Bill and Melinda Gates and Warren Buffett started in June to encourage other wealthy people to give.
The pledge is currently worth about $ 150 billion, but the programme predicts it will eventually be worth $ 600 billion.
"During even the Depression's worst years, my parents gave money - about 8% of their annual income of $ 2200," said Lorry Lokey, one of the donors, on the website of the programme, the Giving Pledge, "I remember saying to my mother that we can't afford that. But she said we have to share with others."
The pledge has been a matter of some debate in philanthropic and non-profit circles, with some experts dismissing it as mere publicity and others predicting that it would produce a flood of new money to support non-profit groups.
Buffett said the real value of the pledge was found in the example it set and in the sentiments (情感) expressed in the letters posted on the website.
Buffett and Gates will hold several dinners later this year to recruit more billionaires, and members of the Giving Pledge will meet annually to discuss their philanthropy.
The pair are due to meet some wealthiest people in China next month and India in March.
"We hope this catches fire in some other countries," Buffett said, "If they want to take what we think is a good idea and run with it, we will be cheering."
Buffett said the number of people who had agreed to sign on was at the high end of his expectations. He said some people who declined to sign the pledge were planning to give away most of their wealth but did not want to draw attention to those plans.
Energy tycoon (大亨) Pickens, who is worth about $ 1 billion, said in his Giving Pledge letter: "I've long stated that I enjoy making money, and I enjoy giving it away. I'm not a big fan of inherited wealth. It generally does more harm than good."

The Gatais used to frown when they received power bills that routinely topped $200. Last September the couple moved into a 1 500-square-foot home in Premier Gardens, a subdivision of 95 "zero-energy homes" (ZEH) just outside town. Now they're actually eager to see their electricity bills. The grand total over the 10 months they've lived in the three-bedroom house: $75. For the past two months they haven't paid a cent.
ZEH communities are the leading edge of technologies that might someday create houses that produce as much energy as they consume. Premier Gardens is one of a half-dozen subdivisions in California where every home cuts power consumption by 50%, mostly by using low-power appliances and solar panels. 
Aside from the panels on the roof, Premier Gardens looks like a community of conventional homes. But inside, special windows cut power bills by blocking solar heat in summer and retaining indoor warmth in winter.
The rest of the energy savings comes from the solar units. They don't just feed the home they serve. If they generate more power than the home is using, the excess flows into the utility's power grid (电网). The residents are billed by "net metering": they pay for the amount of power they tap off the grid, less the kilowatts (千瓦) they feed into it. If a home generates more power than it uses, the bill is zero.
That sounds like a bad deal for the power company, but it's not. Solar homes produce the most power on the hot sunny afternoons when everyone rushes home to turn up the air conditioner. "It helps us lower usage at peak power times," says solar expert Mike Keesee. "That lets us avoid building costly plants or buying expensive power at peak usage time."
What's not to like? Mostly the costs. The special features can add $25000 or more to the purchase price of a house. Tax breaks bring the cost down, especially in California, but in many states ZEHs can be prohibitively expensive. For the consumer, it's a matter of paying now for the hardware to save later on the utilities.

clear evolutionary roots but our views about what makes an ideal romantic relationship can be swayed by the society we live in. So says psychologist Maureen O'Sullivan from the University of San Francisco. She suggests that humans have always tried to strengthen the pair-bond to maximise (使最大化) reproductive success.
Many societies throughout history and around the world today have cultivated strong pressures to stay married. In those where ties to family and community are strong, lifelong marriages can be promoted by practices such as the cultural prohibition of divorce and arranged marriages that are seen as a contract between two families, not just two individuals. In modern western societies, however, the focus on individuality and independence means that people are less concerned about conforming to (遵守) the dictates of family and culture. In the absence of societal pressures to maintain pair-bonds, O'Sullivan suggests that romantic love has increasingly come to be seen as the factor that should determine who we stay with and for how long. "That's why historically we see an increase in romantic love as a basis for forming long-term relationships," she says.
According to O'Sullivan culture also shapes the sorts of feelings we expect to have, and actually do experience, when in love. Although the negative emotions associated with romantic love-fear of loss, disappointment and jealousy-are fairly consistent across cultures, the positive feelings can vary. "If you ask Japanese students to list the positive attributes they expect in a romantic partner, they rate highly things like loyalty, commitment and devotion," says O'Sullivan. "If you ask American college women, they expect everything under the suit: in addition to being committed, partners have to be amusing, funny and a friend."
We judge a potential partner according to our specific cultural expectations about what romantic love should feel like. If you believe that you have found true romance, and your culture tells you that this is what a long-term relationship should be based on, there is less need to rely on social or family pressures to keep couples together. O'Sullivan argues.